... ... ...
I think I'll try it.
If I get up tonight, I'll try that other restaurant you mentioned last night.
Yeah.
Wait, what?
D&D.
D&D is this dish, right?
Yeah.
I can get this to the home.
That's all that he thought, thanks to the... ... ... ... ... ... ...
So,
What other places do you go to around here?
You go to other places, other places you go to.
Yeah, in Chainsbury, about 60 miles away, in the Redfin Park, painting the island of the hill.
Very good.
Also ancient sites.
Another one, Tardis, Tardis, now there are a million chapters.
It's about six months, six months.
Uriana and Tidima are little
Oh, amazing.
And how we can access you to maintain?
Yes, around the hundred fifty miles.
I bet you have to leave very early.
This is the roadside.
This is a big hospital.
.
Thank you.
... ... ... ... ...
.
Thank you.
I'm going to go.
... ... ... ... ... ...
It's called Neanderthal.
So how did I get the name?
How did that name become so famous?
Meanderer?
Yeah, when they said, Meanderer.
So the river is Meanderer, because it's Monday, it makes me, Meanderer River.
I love it how words work.
That's just exactly what we were talking about yesterday.
You said how words like that don't go into Arabic.
But words like that come into English all the time.
All the time.
You know, I mean, I can't even think of some of them, but it's almost like a metaphor, you know.
It depends.
It is wonderful, like that, because it admits, it admits, and when I do it, it does.
It doesn't accept that.
Yeah, that's right.
Do you want to see your companion?
I want to see if you want to see that thing.
Well, so why don't I go to Egypt?
Three days there, then to Greece.
We're going to Mount Jaffa for four days.
Five days, four nights.
Yeah, well that's the one that, that's the big article, the magazine one.
They haven't done an article on this ever, you know, a particular magazine.
And then I leave from, that's no, I need this to Athens one night, to Athens, and back on Friday the 6th.
So a week from this Friday, I'll come home.
Time goes very quickly in the morning.
As soon as I get back, I have to go to New York City.
I get back a lot.
So I'll have that Saturday and Sunday.
Catch up on the jet lag.
And then I'll drive down on Monday.
My wife will come down with me.
Three hours.
Do my work.
Three hours back.
And come back the same day.
Then I've got to write that story.
I've got a couple of articles.
I've picked it as a magazine that's done very well because it's incredible.
Terrific.
I don't know where I can write it.
It'll be beautiful.
For a travel magazine, too.
Perfect.
And they only will like about 1,200 to 1,500 words.
Before you know it, it's Christmas.
I knew a couple of good stories for the holidays.
on books.
I write about books, so books for holiday games.
Yeah, the gift books.
They send me all the books, and they publish it.
There's one beautiful book on Turkey, I've heard of it, Aerial Views of Turkey, and it's so intriguing.
You can see the city in the background.
But I didn't do the city justice.
I think the city wasn't.
It just looked like a city from the end.
And I think when you see it, it's a very charming little city.
Just like that one you took me through this morning was very charming.
I thought it was a village.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, they seem to make their money on tourism, though.
They were ready today.
They were selling the bottles of the pot.
And they make that themselves.
So, I'm going to take a look at this.
Twenty-four people, that's what you say.
Twenty-four people, there's one small bus probably.
Well, I recommend this, the way you and I do it.
Because I'm very customized to give me what I want, you know.
Bang, bang, bang, right?
Everybody can see that.
If I get a story on this, I'll mention your name in the seat.
You do that in my car.
I do, and I'm going to make sure you can.
You gave it to me.
Sometimes around the hotel room.
That's a pretty good idea.
It's a very good idea.
The material design is for whatever they need.
Yes, what do you have him to do?
That helps, too.
I'm going to have some contact with you.
I'll tell you what you say.
I guess when we were up in Pergamon, to me that was a smoke place.
It actually wasn't Pergamon, no.
That was.
It happened up on Necropolis when I got in West Pergamon.
So I walked up there.
I just walked up to the park.
Walked some more.
It was a woman.
I was just a woman.
trivial.
And I remember what it was that Jesus showed me.
And I said, how do you stand that?
Take the spotlight to the sun that you've heard.
It was the temple that was receiving the rays of the sun and the shadows of the sun.
Remember, the late afternoon of the sun, like in the audience, an audience will wait all day.
I said, an audience will wait all day.
You see, that person's light is coming to the center of the sun.
It couldn't have been better.
And she was babbling on about something back home with a friend, and it was totally, uh, insensitive to it.
And I noticed somebody was going, you know, never worth 20 years to me.
I mean, how often do you get to stand here?
Yeah, I was very, very moved by that.
You'd love to know what they're—it's going to be more than what you've done there.
There's a huge bond.
There's a huge individual.
There's a crystal.
It's all there.
You know, there is a historian that I know of.
When he gets to the written book, he talks about war, such warfare historians.
And he just wrote a little about how certain places would be amazed at how many times great battles, great conflicts, and you know,
What?
Why is that?
What is there about a certain piece of geography that is like, you know, the pro-relations?
Yeah.
There's going to be something about that plot that really resonates with people.
I don't know.
I'm even so sure they can express it.
There's something about that plot.
I mean, it's just too striking a coincidence.
I mean, there are plenty of places around here where they could have built it.
Why all this?
And then they connect it to themselves by a walk.
I know you've mentioned that there's this train economic spirit.
And I'm sure that there's a lot to do with it.
The water is free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free.
Now, you can have books that I'm writing now, and I've already written a book that you can see.
But you can see it, and it's a stretcher, I can put, and he formed it in World War II.
But follow, I'm sorry.
But what are you going to do?
I'm going to do the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the air and the
That's correct.
It's a bad fight.
That fight is so fighting.
That was the fourth time, fourth time in history, in that case, there was a force.
Dorothy's doing it on it.
He destroyed it.
Somebody else destroyed it.
So, that's...
But if you see that Monte Cassino, it's like Pergolus, Chaius.
And it really does control that Lira, L-I-A-R-E, that Lira Baton Valley.
If you're going to Rome,
You've got to pass through.
It totally controls that path.
Sometimes it's so beautiful.
It's great.
But you get through.
And after we bombed it, and it was in February, it didn't fall, a lot of the Germans defended it to May.
It was March, April, May, and then they left them.
And finally, yeah, even after the Germans moved all their troops there, now they didn't have to have to pretend to do it.
Well, they destroyed the troops weren't in there, but they were using a troop squadron that had ammunition under their troops, and they were defending them out.
And I'm getting into this in the book, so why am I getting into this?
Because the book survives.
And, I mean, for all of us, the books take it.
They took the books out, and they put them in the Vatican.
It was fragile, little pieces of paper.
That's why I got very excited this morning.
I really, except when you told me there was a papyrus hiding.
And then, I'd love to find out more about that.
You don't tell any of a story that hasn't been written about either.
So I'll ask your friends.
Yeah, yeah.
Both I can help you.
Okay.
You get email with me, right?
Yeah, I contact somebody else.
Yeah, I need to know a little bit more about what year I was found.
how it was formed, where it was formed, what were they looking for?
What have they studied?
I think the significance of this is what are the papyrus scrolls.
There's no papyrus scrolls that survive.
The only ones that survive come out of Egypt because of the climate.
Most papyrus, the only papyrus scrolls that are from Egypt that really survive, but you can't really meet them, are the ones at Pompeii.
So it turned into volcanic fossils, but you can't stand.
But otherwise, the only one just goes out of the water is the water.
And they have it here in the vault, right?
You've got a reason to come down.
Yeah.
You don't see the unique concepts that are really in the United States to go and move it.
I don't believe it's a new strategy.
I really see this.
It's a different way.
The water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water, the water.
I don't want to go in there, but what is it?
It's right there.
It's somewhere next to our audience, trying to figure out what to do.
I mean, if they're not so locked and locked up somewhere else in place, they are trying to
Now, what's that sort of site that we have for?
Is it a type of site?
No, it's quite a type of site.
It's sort of even a mystery.
Also, they have fun to be eating with local people.
For example, for other people, they always touch my local people.
So it doesn't look like it's pretty interesting, right?
Look at that one, yeah?
It's a beautiful thing.
But local people, the assurance, local people in Australia, the gentleman who made this experiment, he didn't look like he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than he'd better than that.
It's been called... And there was this altar.
I went to high school with a girl who was 16.
This is a professor at Akita, in Canada, and also of the British.
The Turkish Greek Empire is depicting the Ottoman Empire.
I agree, cool.
Except left hand trade.
Even, for example, the Ruby elders in Mora, Mora-Penis, in the Greek, the mainland Greek, the army commander of the Greek, the Ottoman army commander of the Greek.
And as their follow-up construction of the country,
Well, let's just write it down.
When I go to Harvard University, I get out of pocket care.
And I can do nothing.
I'll go play in the laptop.
I'll do it right now.
Now it's your turn.
I'm constantly losing pens.
I got one, I got one.
That's why I buy these cheap pens.
Good pens I lose.
You know why I lose these cheap ones?
This is very interesting.
This is a Ukrainian.
Okay.
Man sollte auch ein bisschen verlaufen.
Let's look at all the time.
... ... ... ... ...
Thank you.
.
Come again.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
.
Thank you for that.
you know
There's another one that's in the back of the board, yeah.
.
with a couple of their large thousands of our homes.
What's your name going on in place?
Yes.
Municipality.
The Bible is written now in the Bible.
And we stand down and preach this.
Jesus is here now.
.
Mm-hmm.
There's a lot of people over there.
... ... ... ... ...
You want to follow?
I want to thank you.
Thank you.
Can we put it in the spot?
.
There we go.
I don't know.
Thank you.